The Fox and the Crow

Once upon a time, in a faraway jungle lived a crow. One day, he was flying here and there in search of food but did not get anything to eat.

Tired, he sat on the branch of a nearby tree. Suddenly, he saw a piece of cheese on a plate on the table.

“Oh my, my!” exclaimed the hungry crow happily. “Looks like I’ll get to eat something very delicious today.”

He saw here and there and saw no one around. He quickly grabbed the piece of cheese in his beak and took off.

On his way, he saw many crows but didn’t stop, as he didn’t want to share his food with anyone. He flew to a faraway tree and sat on its highest branch.

At the same time, a fox was strolling across the jungle and saw the crow with a piece of cheese in his beak.

“Umm. That’s a tasty-looking piece of cheese”, thought the fox. “I deserve that piece of cheese and will get it anyhow.”

The fox started trying to have a conversation with the crow with the motto of urging the crow to open his beak.

“Hello, beautiful crow! How are you? How is your day going?” said the fox.

Naturally, the crow did not say anything as he was taught not to speak with his mouth full.

“Look at your big and shiny feathers, my dear friend”, the fox said again. “No wonder you can fly up so high. I wish I were as beautiful as you.”

The crow again did not answer.

“Your eyes are sparkling like a diamond. No wonder you are the most beautiful amongst all”, the fox said.

“I have heard that crows sing well. I am sure you also have a magical voice”, the fox continued with his flattery. “Please sing a song for me. If you sing well, I promise you to declare the most beautiful voice of the jungle.”

This time, the crow fell for his words and started singing. He opened his mouth and started singing, “Caw Caw Caw”.

As the crow opened his mouth, the piece of cheese naturally fell from his beak to the ground.

The fox rushed and grabbed the piece of cheese from the ground.

“Ha ha ha”, the fox started laughing. “You foolish crow! I knew you were going to fall for it! You think you have a beautiful voice? Ha Ha! No way”.

The fox said this and left, enjoying the cheese. The crow kept sitting there quietly, realising his mistake and how foolish he had been.